feat(flags): Consolidate feature flags pull requests (#12005)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/feature-flags/enable-change-tracking/_default.mdx

> ## Enable Change Tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable Change-Tracking
```

> Change tracking requires registering a Sentry webhook with your feature flag provider. Set up varies by provider and is documented in detail [here](/product/explore/feature-flags/#change-tracking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable change-tracking, you have to first register a Sentry webhook with your feature flag provider. Set up varies by provider and is documented in detail [here](/product/explore/feature-flags/#change-tracking).
```
